MEREDITH POWERS FRANCO (née Meredith Dentes Powers) University of Virginia, School of Education &
Human Development PO Box 400281, 417 Emmet Street South, Charlottesville, VA 22903
Meredith.Franco@virginia.edu | orcid.org/0000-0002-4021-9643 EDUCATION Doctor of Philosophy
University of Virginia Master of Education Clinical and School Psychology (APA/NASP accredited)
2023, 2019; GPA: 3.98 Dissertation Title: Culturally responsive practice in PK-12 classrooms:
Identification and validation of discrete indicators Master of Education University of Maryland,
College Park 2015; GPA: 4.00 Special Education Bachelor of Science University of Maryland, College
Park 2014; GPA: 3.88 Special Education major, Human Development minor Academic honors for all
undergraduate semesters LICENSURE Licensed Clinical Psychologist (ID: 07310) Authority: Maryland
Board of Examiners of Psychologists LCP: 11/7/2024 - 3/31/2026 Nationally Certified School
Psychologist (ID: 66992) Authority: National School Psychology Certification Board NCSP: 1/11/2024 -
1/31/2027 Maryland Educator License (ID: 1001676356) Authority: Maryland State Department of
Education Initial Professional License (IPL): 7/1/2025 – 6/30/2030 PEC (Professional Eligibility
Certificate): 7/1/2020 - 6/30/2025 SPC I (Standard Professional I): 7/1/2015 - 6/30/2020
Certification Areas: Specialist: School Psychologist Teaching: Generic Special Education: Grades 1 –
8 Teaching: Severely/Profoundly Disabled: Birth – 21 Teaching: Elementary General Education: Grades
1 – 6 FELLOWSHIPS & GRANT AWARDS NSF Emerging Scholar – $500 Awarded May 2022 Franco - Curriculum
Vitae - Page 1 of 21 National Science Foundation (NSF) Society for Research in Child Development
(SRCD) Selected by the NSF and SRCD to participate in the NSF Mentee-Mentor Emerging Scholars
Program (2022-2023) Start with Equity Fellowship – $10,000 Awarded Aug. 2020 Children’s Equity
Project at Arizona State University Fellowship to prepare the next generation of changemakers in
early childhood (ages 0 – 10) policy and research Marjorie Hare Andrews Fellowship – $1,000 Awarded
Apr. 2020 Curry School of Education Foundation Awarded to a student engaged in empirical,
quantitative research in areas that will have an impact on educational practice or maximize the
potential of children Power, Violence and Inequality Fellowship – $2,000 Awarded Oct. 2019 UVA
Power, Violence and Inequality Collective (PVI) Funding to support graduate research on the topic of
power-based violence CTSI-CN Award Program – $10,000 Awarded Jan. 2017 Clinical and Translational
Science Institute at Children's National Lead grant writer (UL1TR001876 and KL2TR001877); Small
research grant funding supported by NIH National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences HONORS
& DISCTINCTIONS Outstanding Dissertation in School Psychology Award Awarded Aug. 2024 American
Psychological Association (APA), Division 16 Awarded for a dissertation which merits special
recognition and which has the potential to contribute to the science and practice of school
psychology 2022 Student Leader Champion Awarded Oct. 2022 National Association of School
Psychologists (NASP) Recognized as a student champion for initiatives and programming that further
social justice and equity within their training program and the field of school psychology Graduate
Student of the Year Awarded Sep. 2021 Virginia Academy of School Psychologists (VASP) Recognized for
excelling in the areas of leadership, scholarship, clinical skills, and commitment to social justice
and culturally responsive practice Honor Society Member Inducted Nov. 2020 The Raven Society –
University of Virginia Recognized for scholastic excellence and commitment to the University
community Maryland Teacher of Promise Awarded Mar. 2015 Maryland State Department of Education
(MSDE) Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 2 of 21 Recognized as “most promising pre-service educator”
representing the University of Maryland in state-wide ceremony Outstanding Undergraduate Student
Award / Student Marshal Awarded May 2014 College of Education, University of Maryland Student
marshals are honored for outstanding academic achievement and contributions to student life Merrill
Presidential Scholar Awarded Nov. 2013 The Merrill Presidential Scholars Program Awarded to the
University of Maryland's most successful senior students and their mentors RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
Research Scientist, August 2024 – Present Postdoctoral Research Associate, July 2023 – August 2024
Youth-Nex | Center to Promote Effective Youth Development School of Education and Human Development
University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA Supervisors: Jessika Bottiani, PhD and Catherine
Bradshaw, PhD “Development and Validation of the Culturally and Racial Equity Sustaining (CARES)
Classroom Assessment System” Principal Investigators: Jessika Bottiani, PhD Agency: Institute of
Education Sciences (IES) Grant Number: R305A220212 Period 07/01/2022 – 06/30/2026 Description:
Working a study co-investigator leading the classroom observation workgroup for an IES Measurement
project funded to develop an assessment system of three multi-informant, psychometrically validated
instruments (teacher-, student-, and observer-report). The purpose of this project is to extend,
refine, and validate a measurement system to assess culturally- and racial equity-sustaining (CARES)
practices in the classroom, leveraging a model that was previously developed in prior IES
Exploration and related IES Development and Efficacy projects. Predoctoral Research Intern, June
2022 – June 2023 National Center for School Mental Health University of Maryland School of Medicine,
Baltimore, MD Supervisor: Nancy Lever, PhD “Improving the Quality of School-based Universal
Prevention Services for Trauma- Exposed Youth in Baltimore City” Principal Investigators: Nancy
Lever, PhD and Jennifer Cox, LCSW-C Agency: Empowering Health @ United HealthCare Services, Inc.
Grant Number: N/A - “United HealthCare Social Responsibility Grant” Period: 8/1/2022 – 7/31/2023
Description: Managed a yearlong pilot project evaluating the implementation of a Tier 2 prevention
program for second through fifth grade students in Baltimore City Title I Franco - Curriculum Vitae
- Page 3 of 21 Schools, focused on collaboration between general education teachers and school-based
mental health clinicians. The project was supported by United Healthcare’s Empowering Health
initiative, which supports community-based organizations in expanding access to care and addressing
the social determinants of health for uninsured individuals and underserved communities. Doctoral
Research Assistant, August 2018 – July 2022 Preventive Interventions Team: Collaborative Research on
Engagement and Wellbeing School of Education and Human Development, University of Virginia,
Charlottesville, VA Supervisors: Catherine Bradshaw, PhD, and Jessika Bottiani, PhD “The R-CITY
Model: Reducing Racism and Violence through Collaborative Intervention with Teachers and Youth”
Principal Investigators: Jessika Bottiani, PhD and Catherine Bradshaw, PhD Agency: National
Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities (NIMHD) Grant Number: R01MD013808 Period:
4/01/2019 – 11/30/2024 Description: Led the development of a new classroom observation instrument
(outcome measure), observer trainings, and teacher intervention resources for a student-teacher
intervention called the R-CITY Model: Reducing Racism and Violence through Collaborative
Intervention with Teachers and Youth. “Testing the Efficacy of Double Check: A Cultural Proficiency
Professional Development Model in Middle Schools” Principal Investigators: Catherine Bradshaw, PhD
and Katrina Debnam, PhD Agency: Institute of Education Sciences (IES) Grant Number: R305A150221
Period: 7/1/2015 – 6/30/2019 Description: The Double Check Student Engagement and Cultural
Responsiveness Program was developed through a U.S. Department of Education Institute of Education
Sciences grant to promote equitable school climate experiences among students of color by improving
teachers’ use of culturally responsive school and classroom practices, thereby also reducing
teachers’ disparate discipline referrals for Black and Latinx youth. In particular, our research
focuses on a model of cultural responsiveness with five core components: Connection to Curriculum,
Authentic Relationships, Reflective Thinking, Effective Communication, and Sensitivity to Students’
Culture (i.e., CARES). Key questions of interest have to do with how we define, operationalize, and
measure these five core components of culturally responsive practices. Graduate Research Mentor,
June 2019 – July 2019 Virginia’s Summer Undergraduate Research Program University of Virginia,
Charlottesville, VA Served as a research mentor in the University of Virginia’s Summer Undergraduate
Research Program (SURP). SURP is a 10-week internship that provides undergraduates from
underrepresented racial-ethnic groups with valuable research and professional development experience
under the guidance of UVA faculty and graduate students conducting education research. In the role
as a graduate research mentor, I supported two Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 4 of 21 aspiring
researchers in crafting their research questions, conducting analyses, composing a conference
presentation, and presenting their findings at a national research conference in July 2019 Clinical
Research Coordinator I, September 2016 – June 2018 Center for Autism Spectrum Disorders (CASD)
Children’s National Health System, Washington, DC Supervisors: Lauren Kenworthy, PhD, and Laura
Anthony, PhD “Characterization of Executive Function Dimensions Across Pediatric Psychiatric
Disorders” Principal Investigators: Madison Berl, PhD, Lauren Kenworthy, PhD, and Chandan Vaidya,
PhD Agency: The National Institutes of Mental Health (NIMH) Grant Number: 1R01MH110512-01 Period:
07/19/2016 – 04/30/2021 “A Community-Based Executive Function Intervention for Low-Income Children
with ADHD and ASD” Principal Investigator: Laura Anthony, PhD Agency: Patient-Centered Outcomes
Research Institute (PCORI) Grant Number: AD-1304-7379 Period: 11/01/2013 – 10/31/2017 “A Nationwide
Stakeholder Survey of Best Practices for Community-Based Intervention Dissemination &
Implementation” Principal Investigator: Lauren Kenworthy, PhD Agency: Clinical and Translational
Science Institute at Children's National, supported by the NIH National Center for Advancing
Translational Sciences Grant Numbers: UL1TR001876 and KL2TR001877 Period: 01/23/2017 – 5/31/2019
“Behavioral and Neural Outcomes of a New Executive Function Treatment for Transition-age Youth with
ASD” Principal Investigator: Cara Pugliese, PhD Agency: Children's Research Institute – NIMH K23
Mentored Career Award Grant Number: K23MH110612 Period: 07/11/2016 – 6/30/2020 “Effectiveness Trial
of On Target for Life in Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders” Principal Investigator: John
Strang, PsyD Agency: Organization for Autism Research Grant Number: N/A Period: 8/20/2015 –
12/31/2017 Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 5 of 21 Family Recruitment Specialist, March 2013 –
January 2014 Infant and Child Studies Consortium University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Supervisors: Meredith L. Rowe, PhD, and Geetha Ramani, PhD Research Assistant, August 2012 – May
2013 Department of Human Development and Quantitative Methodologies (HDQM) University of Maryland,
College Park, MD Supervisor: David Miele, PhD Articles Published in Peer-Reviewed Journals Bottiani,
J. H, Kaihoi, C Franco, M. P., Pas, E. T., Debnam, K. J., Somerville, K., & Bradhsaw, C. P. (in
preparation) Randomized controlled trial of the R-CITY multi-component equity- focused social
emotional learning program: Effects on teacher practices and early adolescent outcome. Prevention
Science. Franco, M. P., Rouiller, S., Bradshaw, C. P., Pas, E. T., Pandey, T. Kaihoi, C. A., & J.
H., Bottiani (under review). Coaching teachers to implement equity and social-emotional learning
focused curricula in the classroom: Insights from a randomized controlled trial. Journal of
Educational and Psychological Consultation. Bottiani, J. H, Franco, M. P., Henderson Smith, L.,
Aguayo, D., Kaihoi, C. A., & Debnam, K. J., (under review). CARES360: A framework for teacher
capacity-building on culturally sustaining and racially equitable classroom practices. Journal of
School Psychology. Nygaard, M. A., Mullin, A., Franco, M. P., Goodwin, A. K. B., Cox, J., & Lever,
N. (under review). An ecological examination of employing cultural humility to adapt a classroom-
based trauma-focused prevention program. School Psychology International. Franco, M. P., Bottiani,
J. H., Debnam, K. J., Bonifay, W., Pandey, T., Karras, J., & Bradshaw, C. P. (2024). The CARES
classroom observation tool: Psychometrics of an observational measure of culturally responsive
practices. Journal of School Psychology, 107, 101381. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jsp.2024.101381
Franco, M. P., Bottiani, J. H., & Bradshaw, C. P. (2024). Assessing teachers’ culturally responsive
classroom practice in PK–12 schools: A systematic review of teacher-, student-, and observer-report
measures. Review of Educational Research, 94(5), 743– 798. https://doi.org/10.3102/00346543231208720
Franco, M. P., Bottiani, J. H., & Bradshaw, C. P. (2024). Teachers' structuring of culturally
responsive social relations and secondary students’ experience of warm demand. Contemporary
Educational Psychology. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cedpsych.2023.102241 Franco - Curriculum Vitae -
Page 6 of 21 Nygaard, M. A., Schmidt, C., Franco, M.P., Cox, J., & Lever, N. (2024). Tier 1.5 as a
Strategy for Trauma Support in Schools. American Journal of Health Education, 56(1), 21–35.
https://doi.org/10.1080/19325037.2024.2422067 Henderson Smith, L. H., Franco, M. P., Callahan, K., &
Bottiani, J. H. (2023). Student and teacher perspectives on culturally responsive practices in a
tribal school. Journal of American Indian Education 62(1), 33-61.
https://dx.doi.org/10.1353/jaie.2023.a934664. Henderson Smith, L., Franco, M. P., & Bottiani, J. H.
(2023). “We’re teachers right, we’re not social workers?” Teacher perspectives on student mental
health in a tribal school. School Mental Health. https://doi.org/10.1007/s12310-023-09607-9 Cook, K.
M., You, X., Cherry, J. B. C., Merchant, J. S., Skapek, M., Powers, M. D., Pugliese, C. E.,
Kenworthy, L., & Vaidya, C. J. (2021) Neural correlates of schema-dependent episodic memory and
association with behavioral flexibility in autism spectrum disorders and typical development.
Journal of Neurodevelopmental Disorders. https://doi.org/10.1186/s11689-021- 09388-9 Strang, J. F.,
Knauss, M., van der Miesen, A., McGuire, J. K., Kenworthy, L., Caplan, R., ... Powers, M. D., &
Anthony, L.G. (2020). A clinical program for transgender and gender-diverse neurodiverse/autistic
adolescents developed through community-based participatory design. Journal of Clinical Child &
Adolescent Psychology, 1-16. https://doi.org/10.1080/15374416.2020.1731817 Strang, J. F., Powers, M.
D., Knauss, M., Sibarium, E., Leibowitz, S., Kenworthy, L., Sadikova, E., Wyss, S., Willing, L.,
Caplan, R., Pervez, N., Nowak, J., Gohari, D., Gomez-Lobo, V., Call, D., & Anthony, L.G. (2018).
“They thought it was an obsession”: Trajectories and perspectives of autistic transgender and
gender-diverse adolescents. Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10803-018-3723-6 Chapters in Edited Volumes Bottiani, J. H., Henderson
Smith, L. J., Franco, M. P., Bradshaw, C. P., & Debnam, K. J. (2023). Triangulation of data: Using
student, teacher, parent, and observer data to improve school climate. In T.P. LaSalle (Ed.),
Creating an inclusive school climate: A school psychology model for supporting marginalized
students. Routledge. https://doi.org/10.4324/9781003400424 Editor Reviewed Publications Franco, M.
P. (2023). Culturally responsive practice in PK-12 classrooms: Identification and validation of
discrete indicators [Doctoral dissertation, University of Virginia]. LibraETD: Online Archive of
University of Virginia Scholarship. https://doi.org/10.18130/43f2-xx11 Powers, M. D. & Bottiani, J.
H. (2019, October 29) Review of the book Creating safe, equitable, engaging schools: A
comprehensive, evidence-based approach to supporting students Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 7 of
21 by D. Osher, D. Moroney, and S. Williamson, Eds.; ID Number: 23125. Teachers College Record.
https://www.tcrecord.org/Content.asp?ContentId=23125 Powers, M. D. (2012). Addressing Autism.
Interpolations: A Journal of Academic Writing, 5. Chaired Symposia at Professional Meetings Franco,
M. P. (Chair). (2023, December 6). Preventative Interventions: Scaling Up School- Based
Interventions for Universal Settings [Symposium] 2023 Annual Conference on Advancing School Mental
Health, New Orleans, LA. Oral Presentations at Professional Meetings Franco, M. P., Newman, C.,
Pandey, T., Birchfield, K., and Kaihoi. C. A. (2024, April 20). Seeing the forest and the trees:
Teachers’ perceptions on process and content of a measure of culturally sustaining and racially
equitable practices. In J. H. Bottiani (Chair), The CARES360 Assessment: A Tool for Building
Culturally Sustaining and Equitable Classrooms. [Symposium]. 2024 Annual Meeting of the Society for
Research on Adolescence. Chicago, Illinois. Aguayo, D., Henderson Smith, L., Franco, M. P., &
Bottiani, J. (2024, April 20). Parents’ perceptions on a multi-informant assessment tool for
teachers to gain feedback on their use of culturally sustaining and racially equitable practices. In
J. H. Bottiani (Chair), The CARES360 Assessment: A Tool for Building Culturally Sustaining and
Equitable Classrooms. [Symposium]. 2024 Annual Meeting of the Society for Research on Adolescence.
Chicago, Illinois. Franco, M. P., Schmidt, C., Cox, J., & Lever, N. (2023, December 6). The Case for
“Tier 1.5”: Leveraging School-Based Mental Health Clinicians in the Scaling-Up of Trauma-Focused
Intervention for the Tier 1 Setting. In M. P. Franco (Chair), Preventative Interventions: Scaling Up
School-Based Interventions for Universal Settings. [Symposium]. 2023 Annual Conference on Advancing
School Mental Health. New Orleans, LA. Kaihoi, C., Reaves, S., Franco, M., Henderson Smith, L., &
Carter, T. (Presenters; 2023). Challenges and opportunities for measuring cultural responsiveness
and racially equitable practices in school settings [On-Demand Paper Presentation]. 2023 Annual
Conference on Advancing School Mental Health. New Orleans, LA. Franco, M. P., Bottiani, J. H., &
Bradshaw, C. P. (2023, March 23-25). Exploring Indicators of Consequential Validity Among CRP
Measures in PK-12 U.S. Classrooms. In L. López (Chair), Use, Analysis, and Development of Classroom
Assessments with a focus on Culturally Responsive Educational Practices [Symposium]. 2023 Society
for Research in Child Development. Salt Lake City, Utah. Powers, M. D., Bottiani, J. H., Karras-Jean
Gilles, J., Suárez-Orozco, C., & Bradshaw, C. P. (2022, May 2). Observational assessments of
culturally responsive teaching: Leveraging the Measures of Effective Teaching (MET) study. In J. H.
Bottiani (Chair), Observational measurement of teachers' culturally responsive classroom practices
[Symposium]. The Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 8 of 21 Construction of the ‘Other’: Development,
Consequences, and Applied Implications of Prejudice and Discrimination, SRCD Special Topic Meeting
2022. Rio Grande, Puerto Rico. Powers, M. D., Bottiani, J. H., & Bradshaw, C. P. (2021, October
14-15). Cultivating warm demand: Culturally responsive practices as a tool to facilitate students’
perceptions of White teachers as warm demanders. In S. Lindstrom Johnson (Chair), The intersection
between culturally responsive teaching practices and student-teacher relationships (A Chicken and
Egg Situation) [Symposium]. 2021 Annual Conference on Advancing School Mental Health. Virtual
Conference. Powers, M. D., Bottiani, J. H., Debnam, K. J., Bonifay, W., Bradshaw, C. P., & Herman,
K. (2021, June 2-4). Challenges measuring teachers’ culturally responsive practices in the
classroom. In K. J. Debnam (Chair), Defining and measuring culturally responsive practices in
schools [Symposium]. The Society for Prevention Research 29th Annual Meeting. Virtual Conference.
Powers, M. D., Simmons, S. C., Sadikova, E., Hernandez, B. E., & Duran, C. A. K. (2021, June 2-4).
Exploring the value of parent-led cultural socialization for social development of young children
living in low-income rural communities. In N. Riggs & K. J. Debnam (Chairs) Sixteenth Annual SPR
Sloboda and Bukoski Cup [Research competition; team captain]. The Society for Prevention Research
29th Annual Meeting. Virtual Conference. Powers, M. D., Bottiani, J. H., Debnam, K. D., & Bradshaw,
C. P. (2020, October 29). Measurement of culturally responsive practices in PreK-12 classrooms:
Past, present, and future measurement approaches. In L. J. Henderson (Chair) Increasing teacher
culturally responsive practices through Double Check [Pre-recorded Symposium]. 2020 Annual
Conference on Advancing School Mental Health. Virtual Conference. Powers, M. D., Bottiani, J. H., &
Bradshaw, C. P. (2020, May). Cultivating warm-demand: How teachers’ use of culturally responsive
practices relates to classroom climate. In C. P. Bradshaw (Chair), Leveraging the classroom context
to improve behavioral outcomes for students: Implications for coaching teachers [Symposium]. The
Society for Prevention Research 28th Annual Meeting. Washington, DC, United States. (Conference
canceled) Pugliese, C. E., Werner, M. A., Skapek, M. F., Powers, M. D., Saldana, L., Anthony, L., &
Kenworthy, L. (2020, May) Preliminary outcomes of a new school-based executive function treatment
for transition-age youth with ASD [Paper presentation]. Annual Meeting of the International Society
for Autism Research. Seattle, Washington, United States. (Conference canceled) Powers, M. D.,
Knauss, M. Gohari, D., Anthony, L. G., Kenworthy, L., & Strang, J. F. (2018, May 9-12). Gender
histories, life experiences, and future plans and hopes of gender dysphoric autistic youth: A
framework analysis. In J. Strang (Chair), The co-occurrence of autism and gender dysphoria or gender
incongruence [Symposium]. 2018 Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism Research.
Rotterdam, Netherlands. Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 9 of 21 Ratto, A. B., Anthony, L. G.,
Powers, M., Verbalis, A., Seese, S., & Kenworthy, L. (2018, May 9-12). Effects of dual-language
exposure on language and executive function in children with ASD and ADHD [Paper presentation].
Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism Research. Rotterdam, Netherlands. Anthony, L.
G., Anthony, B., Verbalis, A., Naiman, D., Ratto, A. B., Seese, S., Safer- Lichtenstein, J., Skapek,
M., Powers, M., Troxel, M., & Kenworthy, L. (2018, May 9-12). An exploration of possible moderators
in an addressing disparities comparative effectiveness trial for elementary students with ASD or
ADHD. In A. Gruber (Chair), Psychosocial and demographic moderators of intervention outcomes for
youth and young adults with ASD [Symposium]. Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism
Research. Rotterdam, Netherlands. Invited Presentations Powers, M. D. (2019, November). Guest
Panelist for the Curry Parent Leadership Council. In R. C. Pianta (Chair), Social-emotional
challenges facing adolescence. Curry School of Education and Human Development, University of
Virginia. Charlottesville, VA. Powers, M. D. & Sadikova, E. (2019, November). Co-Panelist for the
Department of Human Services Monthly Diversity Speaker Series. Clinical considerations for youth
with co-occurring autism and gender dysphoria. Curry School of Education and Human Development,
University of Virginia. Charlottesville, VA. Powers, M. D. (2017, November). A pre-service teacher’s
guide to supporting students with ASD. Presentation to Teacher Education Association of Maryland
Students. College Park, MD. Powers, M. D. (2016, April). Alumni Panelist for Teacher Education
Association of Maryland Students. In J. Froh (Chair), First-year teachers’ experience in the
classroom. College of Education, University of Maryland. College Park, MD. Poster Presentations at
Professional Meetings Franco, M. P., Schmidt, C., Cox, J., Lever, N. (2023, April 20). Improving the
Quality of School-based Universal Prevention Services for Trauma-Exposed Youth in Baltimore City
[Poster presentation]. Annual Research Day, Department of Psychiatry, University of Maryland School
of Medicine. Baltimore, MD, United States. Powers, M. D. & Capobianco, N. B. (2020, May). Parent
racial stress and child social- emotional competence in rural America [Poster presentation]. The
Construction of the ‘Other’: Development, Consequences, and Applied Implications of Prejudice and
Discrimination, SRCD Special Topic Meeting 2020. Rio Grande, Puerto Rico. (Conference canceled)
Handsman, R., Powers, M. D., Kenworthy, L., Anthony, L., & Pugliese, C. E. (2020, May). The utility
of classroom observations as a tool for measuring executive functioning skills in adolescents:
Validity and sensitivity to treatment change [Poster presentation]. Annual Meeting Franco -
Curriculum Vitae - Page 10 of 21 of the International Society for Autism Research. Seattle, WA,
United States. (Conference canceled) Cook, K. M., Cherry, J. B., You, X., Merchant, K., Skapek, M.
F., Powers, M. D., Pugliese, C. E., Kenworthy, L., and Vaidya, C. (2020, May). Neural corelates of
schema-dependent encoding in children with autism spectrum disorders: The role of behavioral
flexibility [Poster presentation]. Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism Research.
Seattle, WA, United States. (Conference canceled) You, X., Merchant, J., Flaharty, K., Cherry, J.,
Skapek, M., Powers, M., Clinton, R., Jeppsen, C., Rau, S., Myrick, M., Rosch, K., Nebel, M. B.,
Mostofsky, S., Berl, M., Kenworthy, L., & Vaidya, C. (2019, June 9 - 13). Higher striatal and
salience network integration underlies disinhibition in a transdiagnostic sample [Poster
presentation]. Organization for Human Brain Mapping Conference. Rome, Italy. Troxel, M., Powers, M.,
Myrick, Y., Strang, J., Pugliese, C, Kenworthy, L., & Anthony, L. (2019, May 1 - 4). What services
are families of children with executive function challenges getting? What do parents say they want?
[Poster presentation]. Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism Research. Montreal,
Canada. Pugliese, C., Skapek, M. F., Powers, M. D., Saldana, L., Anthony, L., & Kenworthy, L. (2019,
May 1 - 4). Preliminary outcomes of a new executive function treatment for transition-age youth with
ASD [Poster presentation]. 2019 Annual Meeting of the International Society for Autism Research.
Montreal, Canada. Powers, M. D., Anthony, L. G., Safer-Lichtenstein, J., Verbalis, A. D., Seese, S.
& Kenworthy, L. (2019, March 22). Understanding negativity in the classroom: Which executive
functions are behind negative student behaviors? [Poster presentation]. 2019 Society for Research in
Child Development Biennial Meeting. Baltimore, MD, United States. Powers, M. D., Kenworthy, L.,
Myrick, Y., Troxel, M., & Anthony, L.G. (2018, November 17). What’s Missing In Your Toolbox?: A lack
of execution function interventions in U.S. schools [Poster presentation]. 52nd Annual Convention of
the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies. Washington, DC, United States. Miller, M.,
Anthony, L.G., Ratto, A., Powers, M. D., Troxel, M., Myrick, Y., Pugliese, C., & Kenworthy, L.
(2018, November 16). Exploring contributors to parents' ideal and realistic goals for involvement in
school trainings [Poster presentation]. 52nd Annual Convention of the Association for Behavioral and
Cognitive Therapies. Washington, DC, United States. Powers, M. D., Kenworthy, L., Anthony, L.,
Verbalis, A. D., Seese, S., Safer-Lichtenstein, J., & Ratto, A. (2018, February 15). Linguistic
Diversity in neurodevelopmental disorders: Dual language exposure relates to cognitive flexibility
in children with ASD but not ADHD [Poster presentation]. 46th Annual Meeting of the International
Neuropsychological Society. Washington, DC, United States. Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 11 of 21
Ratto, A. B., Anthony, L. G., Powers, M., Verbalis, A., Seese, S., and Safer-Lichtenstein, J., &
Kenworthy, L. (2018, February 15). Differential effects of dual language exposure on language and
nonverbal problem-solving in children with ASD and ADHD [Poster presentation]. 46th Annual Meeting
of the International Neuropsychological Society. Washington, DC, United States. Skapek, M.,
Pugliese, C., Seese, S., Powers, M., Kenworthy, L., & Strang, J. (2018, February 15). Anxiety
relates to interference associated with planning and flexibility weaknesses in youth with ASD
[Poster presentation]. 46th Annual Meeting of the International Neuropsychological Society.
Washington, DC, United States. Powers, M. D., Ratto, A., Anthony, B. J., Kenworthy, L., Safer-
Lichtenstein, J., Seese, S., Verbalis, A. D., & Anthony, L. G. (2017, November 18). Racial
disproportionality in the classroom: Why do we see Black students with ADHD as having more executive
function problems? [Poster presentation]. 51st Annual Convention of the Association for Behavioral
and Cognitive Therapies. San Diego, CA, United States. Skapek, M., Strang, J. F., Seese, S., Powers,
M., Kenworthy, L., & Pugliese, C. (2017, November 17). The relationship between executive function
and anxiety in adolescents with ASD [Poster presentation]. 51st Annual Convention of the Association
for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies Autism Spectrum and Developmental Disorders (AS/DD) SIG. San
Diego, CA, United States. Powers, M. D., Ratto, A., Anthony, B. J., Kenworthy, L., Safer-
Lichtenstein, J., Seese, S., Verbalis, A. D., & Anthony, L. G. (2017, October 20). Exploring gender
& ethnicity bias in classroom ratings and observations of executive functioning [Poster
presentation]. 22nd Annual Conference on Advancing School Mental Health. Washington, DC, United
States. Feeney, K., Powers, M., Layer-Whelan, S., Kromash, R., Hughes, C., James, D. & Felton, J.
(2017, June 1). Examining the impact of child externalizing behaviors on parental stress in families
of children with an autism spectrum disorder [Poster presentation]. Journal of Clinical Child and
Adolescent Psychology Future Directions Forum. College Park, MD, United States. Powers, M. D.,
Verbalis, A. D., Anthony, B. J., Kenworthy, L., Safer-Lichtenstein, J., Skapek, M., Limon, D.,
Seese, S. & Anthony, L. G. (2017, May 26). Who is sitting on the sidelines?: Sports participation
disparities in low-income children with ADHD [Poster presentation]. 2017 Association for
Psychological Science Annual Convention. Boston, MA, United States. Powers, M. D., Tiplady, K. M.,
Anthony, B. J., Kenworthy, L., Verbalis, A. D., Kraper, C. K., Limon, D., Seese, S., Safer-
Lichtenstein, J., Skapek, M. F. & Anthony, L. G. (2017, May 13). Factors that drive access to
services for children with neurodevelopmental disorders in low income populations [Poster
presentation]. International Meeting for Autism Research. San Francisco, CA, United States.
Conference & Travel Awards Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 12 of 21 Brenda Holliday Loyd Award –
$2,750 Awarded Mar. 2022 School of Education and Human Development Foundation Funding to present
first-authored student research at a national conference Early Career Preventionists Network Travel
Award Awarded May 2021 Society for Prevention Research (SPR) Exemption of registration fees to
present at SPR Virtual 29th Annual Meeting Dean’s Travel Fellowship – $1,000 Awarded Feb. 2020,
Strategic Investment Fund – University of Virginia Jan. 2019 Funding to present at SRCD 2020 Special
Topics Meeting/2019 Biennial Meeting Student/Trainee Award – $500 Awarded May 2018 International
Society for Autism Research (INSAR) Funding to present on panel at INSAR 2018 meeting in Rotterdam,
Netherlands Graduate Trainee Scholarship Recipient – $500 Awarded Nov. 2016 Patient-Centered
Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) Funding to attend PCORI Annual Meeting 2016 and Early Career
Preconference CLINICAL EXPERIENCE Predoctoral Clinical Psychology Intern, June 2022 – June 2023
School Mental Health Track, APPIC #134716 (APA-approved site) National Center for School Mental
Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine Baltimore, MD Matched via APPIC system as the
National Center for School Mental Health's pre- doctoral psychology intern in the VA Maryland Health
Care System/University of Maryland School of Medicine Psychology Internship Consortium. UM SOM is
the only American Psychological Association-accredited psychology internship that offers
comprehensive major rotation experiences in school mental health practice, research, and policy with
a goal of preparing scientist-practitioners to work in schools directly with vulnerable and
underserved populations. Three days per week, I managed a school-based mental health clinic at
Dickey Hill Elementary/Middle School in Baltimore City Public Schools. One day per week, I conducted
outpatient psychological assessments for children and adolescents often experiencing trauma-related
stressors such as housing and food instability, community violence, poverty, and interpersonal and
institutionalized racism. And for the remainder of the week, I supported federally-funded research
and policy activities within the National Center for School Mental Health’s research division.
School-Based Clinical Psychology Extern, August 2021 – June 2022 Center for Wellbeing in School
Environments (WISE Center) Department of Psychiatry, MedStar Georgetown University Hospital
Washington, DC I participated in a year-long externship for advanced doctoral students at MedStar
Georgetown Center for Wellbeing in School Environments (WISE Center), housed Franco - Curriculum
Vitae - Page 13 of 21 within Georgetown University’s Department of Child Psychiatry. As an extern, I
served DC public and public charter schools (elementary through high school) through mental health
consultation and trauma-informed direct intervention. Most of the students we worked with lived in
communities of poverty and experience chronic adverse childhood events (i.e., Wards 7 and 8). The
mission of our hospital-school partnership was to expand access to high-quality, multidisciplinary
school-based experts in direct clinical service and trauma-informed whole-school programming.
Advanced Practicum Student, July 2020 – May 2021 Virginia Treatment Center for Children (VTCC),
Children’s Hospital of Richmond @ VCU Richmond, VA As a psychology practicum student in the Acute
Inpatient Program, I participated in multidisciplinary teams and served as a co-therapist for child
and adolescent patients, often with complex trauma histories. As a co-therapist, I contributed to a
mini-team of mental health professionals, providing intensive individual, group, and family therapy,
consulted with psychiatrists for rapid diagnostic and psychopharmacologic assessment, and developed
and implemented effective treatment programs and discharge plans. I was also responsible for
behavior management consultation, crisis stabilization, community liaison work, case management, and
family advocacy leading to enrollment in community services. Parent Group Therapist, PEERS® for
Young Adults, January 2021 – April 2021 Sheila C. Johnson Center, University of Virginia
Charlottesville, VA In conjunction with the Supporting Transformative Autism Research (STAR)
Initiative at the University of Virginia, I served as a group therapist for the “social coaches” of
young adults (ages 18 – 30) participating in a 16-week social skills intervention for motivated
young adults with autism spectrum disorder, who were interested in learning skills to make and keep
friends and develop romantic relationships. Young adults attended each session with a social coach
(e.g., parent, family member, adult sibling, life coach, job coach, peer mentor, etc.) Social
coaches were taught how to assist young adults in making and keeping friends by providing feedback
during weekly socialization homework assignments. Group Administrator, Conversations About Race and
Equity, August 2021 – May 2022 Group Therapist, Conversations About Race and Equity, January 2020 –
May 2021 School of Education and Human Development, University of Virginia Charlottesville, VA
Served as a group therapist each semester for Conversations About Race and Equity (CARE), a 6-week
therapy group for undergraduate and graduate pre-service professionals. The primary goal of CARE is
to help students understand and process the historical and ongoing sociopolitical and systemic
causes, mechanisms, consequences, and solutions to widespread racism in the United States. The CARE
curriculum includes six 90-minute sessions per semester that are designed to create an environment
that is promotive of meaningful conversations about diversity, racial equity, and social justice;
enhance participants' capacity and comfort working with diverse populations; and share Franco -
Curriculum Vitae - Page 14 of 21 individual experiences with race and privilege. We also hope that
participants come away with increased cultural and racial self-awareness and appreciation for new
perspectives, in order to engage in the world in a way that leverages privilege and promotes
inclusion and equity. Psychology Associate Clinician, July 2019 – June 2022 Sheila C. Johnson
Center, University of Virginia Charlottesville, VA As a student clinician, I provided
psychoeducational assessments and psychological intervention services at the Sheila C. Johnson
Center, a multidisciplinary clinic housed in the University of Virginia’s School of Education and
Human Development. I received weekly individual (1:1) and group supervision for all psychotherapy
cases. My caseload consisted of child-, adolescent-, and family-oriented cases; I assessed and
supported the treatment of children with externalizing behaviors, obsessive-compulsive disorder
(OCD), depression, mood disorders, generalized anxiety, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD), learning disorders, and trauma-related challenges. I have significant interests
collaborating with families, schools, and related-service providers through a multisystemic lens to
provide effective, evidence-based treatments. School Psychology Practicum Student, January 2019 –
May 2019 Orange County Public Schools Orange, VA Supervised by school psychologist, Heather Joyce,
Ed.S., NCSP. An eight hours/week school-based practicum experience under the supervision of a field
supervisor. One hour a week was spent writing or in other preparation activities (e.g., writing
observational summaries, writing cognitive assessment reports). Practicum students participated in a
range of activities typically expected of a school psychologist (e.g., assessment, intervention,
consultation, special education procedural activities). Co-Leader, Gender & Autism Group, February
2017 – June 2018 Children’s National Health System Rockville, MD Co-led a monthly support group
designed specifically for children and adolescents who have both autism spectrum disorder and gender
dysphoria. Youth who identified as both neurodivergent and gender variant attended the youth group
while their parents attend a simultaneous parental support group. Duties included collaborating with
neuropsychology externs to supervise and counsel youth in sharing their unique experiences,
exploring gender preferences, and learning from the experiences of guest speakers from across the
country. Co-Leader, Transition to Adulthood Group, February 2017 – April 2017 Children’s National
Health System Rockville, MD Coordinated with Dr. John Strang to provide long-term group therapy for
adolescents and young adults with ASD working toward complete independence in adulthood. Conducted
hands-on activities to build independence such as mock job interviews and planned Franco -
Curriculum Vitae - Page 15 of 21 community outings. Engaged in weekly treatment planning meetings
with Dr. Strang and his neuropsychology externs. Lead Social Learning Teacher, June 2015 – July 2016
Assistant Social Learning Teacher, June 2014 – July 2014 Take2 Camp Washington, DC Oversaw the
elementary program of a therapeutic summer camp for children, ranging from 7 - 14 years old, with
social learning disabilities, including but not limited to ASD. Supervised and implemented
instructional programs, supported implementation of behavioral programs, and coordinated with other
support staff. Communicated with service providers and parents through regular staff meetings,
parent-communication journals, and parent-teacher conferences. Formal reports, including
individualized recommendations, were written for each camper at the conclusion of camp. Summer Group
Leader, June 2012 – July 2012 The Lab School of Washington Washington, DC Supported the social-
emotional needs of twelve campers with various neurodevelopmental disorders throughout the 5-week
summer program for children who exhibit learning differences. Accompanied children to their
scheduled classes and assisted teachers in Tutoring, Team-Building, Academic Clubs and Art, and
Movement. Received college credit for independent study for this unpaid internship. Certifications •
Attachment, Regulation, and Competency (ARC) Trauma Treatment for Children and Adolescents • Bounce
Back Intervention Certification, 3C Institute • Cognitive Behavioral Intervention for Trauma in
Schools (CBITS) Certification • Trauma-Focused Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (TF-CBT) Web 2.0
Certification • Collaborative Assessment & Management of Suicidality (CAMS TRAINED) • Columbia-
Suicide Severity Protocol, The Columbia Lighthouse Project Therapeutic Options of Virginia (TOVA)
Certification - Neurorelational Behavior Support and Emergency Behavior Management Assessment
Measures • Intelligence and Achievement o Comprehensive Test of Phonological Processing – Second
Edition (CTOPP-2) o Differential Ability Scales-II (DAS-II) o Nelson-Denny Reading Test, Forms I & J
(NDRT) o Qualitative Reading Inventory – Sixth Edition (QRI-6) o Wechsler Abbreviated Scale of
Intelligence – Second Edition (WASI-II) o Wechsler Individual Achievement Test – Third Edition
(WIAT-III) o Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children – Fifth Edition (WISC-V) Franco - Curriculum
Vitae - Page 16 of 21 o Wechsler Preschool & Primary Scale of Intelligence Fourth Edition (WPPSI-IV)
– o Woodcock Johnson IV: Tests of Achievement (WJ-IV Ach.) o Woodcock Johnson IV: Tests of Cognitive
Abilities (WJ-IV Cog.) o Woodcock Johnson IV: Tests of Oral Language Abilities (WJ-IV OL) • Semi-
Structured Interviews o MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview, Sec. W (ADHD) – Version 5.0 o
Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales, Second Edition (Vineland™-II) • Executive Function o A
Developmental NEuroPSYchological Assessment (NEPSY-II) o Behavioural Assessment of the Dysexecutive
Syndrome (BADS) o Delis-Kaplan Executive Functioning System (DKEFS) o Rey Complex Figure Test and
Recognition Trial (RCFT) o Tower of London-Drexel (TOL-DX) • Psycho-Diagnostic o Autism Diagnostic
Observation Schedule, Second Edition (ADOS-2) o Conners Continuous Performance Test, 3rd Edition
(CPT-3) TEACHING EXPERIENCE EDHS Clinical and School Psychology Lecturer, January 2024 – May 2024
EDHS 8670: Behavioral, Emotional and Social Assessment of Children, University of Virginia
Instructor of Record: Meredith P. Franco, PhD Taught the course, Behavioral, Emotional and Social
Assessment of Children, in Spring 2024. We covered the theory and research associated with the use
of assessment methods and measures. In addition, the course provided opportunities for students to
apply the knowledge gained from the course to improve their skill in conducting comprehensive
psychological assessments of children and adolescents. Graduate Teaching Assistant, August 2020 –
December 2020 EDHS 2895: Mental Health in Schools, University of Virginia Instructor of Record:
Michael Lyons, Ph.D. Provided instructional and grading support for Mental Health in Schools
undergraduate course. Worked in partnership with Dr. Lyons to provide an overview of how school
mental health professionals identify students in need of additional academic or mental health
support, promote academic and psychological well-being, and assess outcomes. Special Education
Teacher, August 2015 – June 2016 Special Education Intern, August 2014 – May 2015 Special Education
Extern, October 2013 – May 2014 Montgomery County Public Schools Chaired Individual Education
Program (IEP) meetings to determine eligibility for, and coordination of, special education and
related services for students with disabilities. Monitored and evaluated educational outcomes
through instructional data collection and assessment delivery. Provided direct instruction in self-
contained and co-teaching models, which involved adapting instructional programs and materials.
Conducted functional behavioral assessments (FBAs) and developed subsequent Behavior Franco -
Curriculum Vitae - Page 17 of 21 Intervention Plans (BIPs). Trained in School-Wide Positive Behavior
Intervention & Supports (SWPBIS). ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS 2022 Raven Society Scholarship –
$1,000 Awarded May 2022 The Raven Society – University of Virginia Recognized for outstanding
achievement in the classroom, unique achievement in scholarship outside the classroom, and
leadership and community service during time at UVA Odelia Moore Scholarship – $1,000 Awarded Aug.
2021 UVA School of Education and Human Development Foundation Scholarship awarded to a School of
Education and Human Development student with demonstrated need Reeve Loper Scholarship – $1,000
Awarded Aug. 2019 Curry School of Education Foundation Awarded based upon exceptional promise as
evidenced by both professional and academic accomplishments Clarvit Scholar in Special Education –
$3,000 Awarded Aug. 2012 Nancy and Chuck Clarvit Scholarship Fund Support for outstanding
undergraduate studying special education WCCC Merit Scholarship – $3,000 Awarded Apr. 2011 The
Women’s Club of Chevy Chase, Inc. Support for local student demonstrating financial need and
academic excellence POLICY EXPERIENCE ASPE Summer Policy Fellow, June 2021 – September 2021 Early
Childhood Team, Human Services Policy Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation
(ASPE) U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Supervisors: Jennifer Tschantz, Ph.D. and Cheri
Hoffman, Ph.D. Start with Equity Fellow, August 2020 – September 2021 Children’s Equity Project,
Arizona State University Supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation Policy Mentors: Shantel Meek,
Ph.D. and Rosemarie Allen, Ed.D. RACIAL EQUITY & ANTI-BIAS TRAININGS & WORKGROUPS Racial Equity
Groundwater Training by the Racial Equity Institute (REI) November 6, 2020, Virtual Presentation May
1, 2019, Charlottesville, VA Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 18 of 21 Twice attended this
participatory workshop during which REI organizers used stories and data to present a perspective
that racism is fundamentally structural in nature—meaning issues of race and racism permeate
governmental, educational, financial, and other systems, causing racial inequity. “Moving the Needle
on Disproportionality” 2-Day Workgroup October 4 – 5, 2019, Charlottesville, VA Participated as a
student researcher at this small workgroup of about twenty applied researchers from around the
country. We aimed to focus on the two related issues of 1) the measurement of disproportionality and
culturally responsive practices in applied policy, practice, and research contexts, and 2) school-
based interventions focused on the discipline gap and the promotion of culturally responsive,
inclusive, and equitable experiences of positive climate and discipline. I participated as a student
researcher under the mentorship of research advisor, Catherine Bradshaw. PRESS / MEDIA COVERAGE News
in Brief: EHD Alumna, Researcher Wins Outstanding Dissertation Award (2024, August 30) School of
Education and Human Development | University of Virginia. https://education.virginia.edu/news-
stories/news-brief-ehd-alumna-researcher-wins-outstanding- dissertation-award Clinical-School
Psychology Grad Student Lands Equity Fellowship. (2020, September 10). School of Education and Human
Development | University of Virginia. https://education.virginia.edu/news/clinical-school-
psychology-grad-student-lands-equity- fellowship PROFESSIONAL SERVICE Peer Reviewer (alphabetically
listed): • Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders • Journal of Research on Adolescence •
McGill Journal of Education • Review of Education • Social and Emotional Learning: Research,
Practice, and Policy • Studies in Educational Evaluation Book Reviewer, Teachers College Record NASP
Student Leader, 2019 – 2020, National Association of School Psychologists Graduate Research Mentor,
Student Undergraduate Research Program, UVA PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS Society for Research in Child
Development (SRCD), 2018 – Present American Psychological Association (APA), 2016 – Present •
Division 53: Society of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology Franco - Curriculum Vitae - Page 19
of 21 • Division 56: Trauma Psychology • Division 16: School Psychology o Committee Member
(2025-2027), Outstanding Dissertation Award Committee, DIV16 – Education, Training, and Scientific
Affairs National Association for School Psychologists (NASP), 2019 – Present Association for
Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies (ABCT), 2017 – 2020 Association for Psychological Science (APS),
2016 – 2019 International Society for Autism Research (INSAR), 2016 – 2018 Council for Exceptional
Children (CEC), 2013 – 2016 National Education Association (NEA), 2012 – 2014 COMMUNITY SERVICE
Running Start Network Mentor, Washington, DC, September 2019 – December 2020 Mentored girls and
young women seeking counsel regarding leadership, teamwork, and career aspirations Student
Disability Access Center, Charlottesville, VA, August 2018 – December 2018 Provided class notes to
masters- and doctoral-level students with documented disabilities Medical Assistance Liaison, Chevy
Chase, MD, February 2015 – June 2016 Ensured Medicaid compliance for low-income families of children
with disabilities TECHNOLOGY & LANGUAGE PROFICIENCIES Research Technology: • Qualtrics Online Survey
Software | REDCap (Research Electronic Data Capture) • IBM SPSS Statistics 28.0 | STATA/IC
Statistical Software 18.0 | Mplus Version 8.6 • The Observer® XT by Noldus | Pendragon Software •
Zotero Reference Management Software • Virtual Data Enclave (VDE), Inter-university Consortium for
Political and Social Research Languages: • Intermediate Spanish (Latin American; Spanish WebCAPE
Score: 536) • English (Native Speaker) REFERENCES Research: University of Virginia Dr. Catherine
Bradshaw, Research Mentor, Catherine.Bradshaw@virginia.edu Dr. Jessika Bottiani, Research Co-Mentor,
Jessika.Bottiani@virginia.edu Children’s National Dr. Lauren Kenworthy, Division Chief,
Neuropsychology, lkenwort@childrensnational.org Clinical – Outpatient: Franco - Curriculum Vitae -
Page 20 of 21 Sheila C. Johnson Center, University of Virginia Dr. Julia Blodgett, Assessment
Supervisor, jab2h@virginia.edu Dr. Matthew Yoder, Director of Clinical Training, msy7m@virginia.edu
Clinical – Inpatient: Virginia Treatment Center for Children, Children's Hospital of Richmond at VCU
Dr. Leslie Kimball, Clinical Supervisor, leslie@richmondcreativecounseling.com Clinical – School-
Based: National Center for School Mental Health (NCSMH) Dr. Nancy Lever, Co-Director of NCSMH,
nlever@som.umaryland.edu MedStar Georgetown Center for Wellbeing in School Environments (WISE) Dr.
Megan Polanin, Co-Director of Clinical Training, meganp@medstarwise.org Franco - Curriculum Vitae -
Page 21 of 21