Katelyn Evon Birchfield Project Associate School of Education & Human Development ּּּּ• University
of Virginia Preventive Interventions Team: Collaborative Research on Engagement and Wellbeing ּּּּ
Ridley Hall 207 ּּּּ• P.O. Box 400281 ּּּּ• Charlottesville, VA 22904 (434) 924-4120 (Office) ּּּּ•
katelynb@virginia.edu EDUCATION AND TRAINING Master of Education in Special Education William &
Mary, Williamsburg, VA (May 2020) Additional Certification: Autism Studies Bachelor of Arts in
Psychology & Elementary Education William & Mary, Williamsburg, VA (May 2019) Additional
Certification: Teaching English as a Second Language Summa Cum Laude; Departmental Honors
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Project Associate University of Virginia, November 2024- Present • Lead
outreach to schools, communities, and key stakeholders for engagement in various research projects •
Develop curriculum, interventions, behavioral health screeners, and measures of teacher practice •
Analyze data and disseminate findings through presentations and publications • Manage a variety of
student and wage employees Program Coordinator & Implementation Support and Coaching Specialist
University of Virginia, July 2022-November 2024 • Outreached to schools and stakeholders to engage
in various research projects • Developed curriculum, interventions, and behavioral health screeners
• Coached schools and implementers in various programs to support social emotional learning, equity
literacy and culturally responsive teaching, etc. • Supported with basic data cleaning,
transcription, and analysis of research (qualitative and quantitative) • Managed undergraduate and
graduate students as well as wage employees Special Education Teacher Williamsburg-James City
County, August 2019- June 2022 • Developed course curriculum for 6th-8th grade Language Arts classes
• Collaborated with general education teachers and community stakeholders to meet student needs •
Wrote IEPs and other legal documents; led related meetings Disability Care Attendant Virginia
Department of Medical Assisting Services, August 2017- August 2022 • Taught social skills and daily
living skills as well as academic tutoring • Practiced physical therapy and other general exercise
habits • Engaged in interactive age-appropriate activities with young adult with multiple
disabilities Elementary Literacy Tutor Self-Employed, May 2020- July 2022 • Developed curriculum and
taught reading, writing, and phonological awareness skills to kindergarten and 1st grade students
Gifted Education Instructor EXPLO at Yale University, June 2018- August 2018 • Developed curriculum
and taught courses in psychopathology and stress management • Worked as a residential counselor with
high school girls to mediate conflict, provide guidance, and run events for social development
Substitute Teacher Fairfax County Public Schools, May 2017- June 2018 • Followed lesson plans
provided by classroom teacher to ensure students maintained academic learning and behavioral
consistency during teacher absences • Taught in various settings from elementary to high school,
special education, gifted education, and general education classrooms HONORS AND AWARDS William &
Mary School of Education Award for Excellence in Teaching, May 2019. PUBLICATIONS Peer- Reviewed
Journal Articles Nguyen, A. J., Hersh, J., Beahm, L., Henderson Smith, L., Newman, C., Birchfield,
K., Michael, K. & Bradshaw, C. P. (2024). Coping Power-Rural: Iterative Adaptation of an Evidence-
Based Preventive Intervention for Rural Upper Elementary and Middle Schools. School Mental Health,
1-17. Presentations Bradshaw, C., Newman, C., Birchfield, K., DeCoster, J., Pérez, P., Hersh, J.,
Skrzypek, C., Beahm, L. A., & Nguyen, A. (June 2025). Coping Power- Rural: A two-tiered preventive
intervention focused on addressing transdiagnostic needs in rural schools. Paper to be presented at
the Society for Prevention Science. Bradshaw, C. B., Perez, P., Orozco, G. M., Newman, C.,
Birchfield, K. (2024, December 5-7) .Cultural and Contextual Adaptations of an Evidence-Based
Program for Rural and Mexican Youth: Tailoring Mental Health Interventions. Advancing School Mental
Health Promoting Well-Being in School [Symposium]. Orlando, FL. Newman, C., Skrzypek, C.,
Birchfield, K., Perez, P., Bradshaw, C. (2024, October 8-9). Youth Emotion and Behavior Regulation:
Engaging Caregivers and Teachers Through Digital Tools. Thriving Youth in a Digital World:
Understanding the Role of Digital Technology in Positive Youth Development [Poster].
Charlottesville, VA. Newman, C., Franco, M. P., Pandey, T., Birchfield, K, Kaihoi, C. A., Bottiani,
J. (2024). Seeing the forest and the trees: Teachers’ perceptions on the process and content of a
measure of culturally responsive and sustaining practices [Symposium]. Annual Society for Research
on Adolescence Conference. Chicago, IL. Working Papers Bradshaw, C., Newman, C., Birchfield, K.,
DeCoster, J., Perez, P., Hersh, J., Skrzypek, C., Beahm, L. A., Nguyen, A. (in preparation). Coping
Power- Rural: A Two-Tiered Preventive Intervention Focused on Addressing Transdiagnostic Needs in
Rural Schools. Orozco-Solis, G., Perez, P., Aguayo, D., Birchfield, K., Umbarger Medeles, A.,
Hernandez, H., Bradshaw, C. P. (in preparation). Adapting the Coping Power Preventive Intervention
for Implementation in Guadalajara, Mexico: Addressing Social-Emotional and Behavioral Health in
Schools Using a Cultural Humility Framework. Other Birchfield, K. Peer-Mediated Interventions for
Middle School Students with High-Functioning Autism (2019). Honors Thesis W&M Scholar Works (1290).
INVITED TALKS Birchfield K. (October 2024). Lessons from the Field Webinar – Promising Strategies to
Prevent Student Harassment and Bullying Behavior. Member of Expert Panel. National Center on Safe
Supportive Learning Environments, Virtual Event. RESEARCH INTERESTS & KEYWORDS Child and adolescent
mental health School-based prevention and intervention programs, mental health services Positive
Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS) Multi-tiered System of Supports (MTSS) Neurodiversity,
inclusion, special education, and disability advocacy Social emotional learning and social cognition
Youth violence prevention and school safety, school climate Aggression, bullying, delinquency and
antisocial behavior Culturally responsive teaching, equity literacy Caregiver engagement and family
dynamics Youth digital literacy, media literacy